
An hour later and with a magical sigil on the back of my neck, I make my way into the street. By
this time the vortex is directly above me in the sky, its twistings colors predominantly blue this
hour. Kir provided me a black cloak that they assured me would not stand out, either amongst the
population, or should I need to go unseen.

Kir also provided me with an overview of the area before my departure. The city is organized into
radials, all the main roads eventually end at the base of the Vis'rath, the paired spires I glimpsed
yesterday. These were the seat of power in the city where the Concalve of Iyr assembled. Kir did
not mention them extensively, other than to note that I should not venture that far.

What he did mention was the location of my target. The house and exit to the sewer were both in 
the Kammokar Belt, the outermost and largest district housing the proletariat. The target was in
the Ajhyl, the middle ring where the educated class resided. To get there I would need to pass through
the Qta district, home of the merchant guilds.

Normally getting through the districts would be difficult, a series of walls and checkpoints cordoning
them off to ensure only those with the proper contract may enter. This was further the use of the markings,
to segregate the distrcits from one another. Luckily enough, Kir has contacts within the guilds who were
willing to ratify my contract, so I can at least get into the Qta. The Ahjyl would be another story, I
would need to find a way in.

Setting off from the house I begin towards the spires, keeping my head down. The streets at this point are
teeming with them, carrying goods either by hand or wagon, guards patrolling, all delivering or returning
from something, no one is idle. Any that see my face immediately stare, but no one stops me. I continue
through crowded squares, passing warehouses and buildings emenating strange grinding noises. The further I
go the louder these noises become until I pass a door left ajar from one of the sources. Inside I glimpse
strange forms of stone, floating in the air, suspended by thrumming blue arcane energy. The stones like
cogs in a mill, but their purpose is unknown to me.

Soon I reach another square yet this one is carved in half by a channel. Across it, an imposing wall of
not rock, but metal, a solid form of cast iron like a great ingot. A bridge crosses the channel to a great 
triangular gate framed in the black stone. The gate itself also made of iron, but wrought. At the top of the
triangle, embossed in amber into the stone, a replica of the mark I bear on my neck. The mark of the guilds.

Emerging from the safety of the herd of workers I step onto the bridge. Peering over into the canal I am 
almost blinded, a river of the same energy I had glimpsed before flows through the rock. Farther down the 
canal I see estuaries, canals of energy from the great generators, feeding the river.

Feeling the eyes upon me as I stopped, I return to the task at hand. Ahead stand two gaurds flanking the gate.
As I approach they motion for me to stop and I feel the noise from before creeping into my head again. 
Wincing slightly, I turn to reveal the mark on my neck. As I do a sharp pain splits my mind for an instant,
and suddenly I understand them. A feeling of suspicion, distaste, and almost fear. Turning to face them
once more, "I have business with Loev Inea." I state.

+ CHECK Persuasion CHA 0

The name, in truth, I did not know. Kir had instructed to use it should I be stopped. They considered the name a
moment, sentiment unchanging, before bidding me enter. Once through the towering gate, I take a breath. That would
be the first step done then. Now just to find a way into the Ahjyl.

As I continued on my way I observed the change in district. Where before the buildings were plain wood and stone,
they were now intricately carved works of art. Scenes of the city, of flying ships, gods and goddesses both human
and of their kind, muraled the walls. The streets now inlaid between the stones with gold, plaques of silver 
embossed with names hung above doors. It seemed much of the wealth of the city resided here. Each of the guilds
competing with one another in their display of success.

Before me now a plaza, ringed by opulent towers and shops selling all manner of items. The ground was ringed in a
series of metals, bronze, tin, iron, silver, gold, and platinum all centered around a large fountain. The fountain,
in contrast to the blacks and greys of the surrounding stone was a brilliant marble. It's centerpeice a scuplted
tree with veins of amber. From its leaves sprouted crystaline flowers, and petals drifting from the tree, suspended
in perpituity by shifting energy webbing around the tree. For it was not water that this fountain spewed, but energy.

Passing through the square I delved into more winding roads, curving though alleyways, making my way towards the spires.
The vortex was beginning to sit low in the sky, its hue changing to be more consistent with the purples I saw upon
my arrival. As I went, roads emerged to parallel canals of energy, siphoning from the river. Into the canal buildings
lowered coiled metal rods, around which the energy wound upwards and into the interiors.

Wrapping the cloack tighter around myself, I continued down the path until in the distance I spied another opening
in the road. I was getting close. I began paying close attention to those around me, most dressed in finery, though
a few wore long crimson robes with some sort of symbol around their neck. Emerging ahead me, an individuals of
particular interest, wearing plated leathers and a mask knarled like a knot in a tree, they carried a large, crude
looking axe. Pausing to look either way, they entered a building opposite the one they left.
