
An hour later and with a magicial sigil on the back of my neck, I make my way into the street. By
this time the vortex is directly above me in the sky, its twistings colors predominantly blue this
hour. Kir provided me a black cloak that they assured me would not stand out, either amongst the
population, or should I need to go unseen.

Kir also provided me with an overview of the area before my departure. The city is organized into
radials, all the main roads eventually end at the base of the Vis'rath, the paired spires I glimpsed
yesterday. These were the seat of power in the city where the Concalve of Iyr assembled. Kir did
not mention them extensively, other than to note that I should not venture that far.

What he did mention was the location of my target. The house and exit to the sewer were both in 
the Kammokar Belt, the outermost and largest district housing the proletariat. The target was in
the Ajhyl, the middle ring where the educated class resided. To get there I would need to pass through
the Qta district, home of the merchant guilds.

Normally getting through the districts would be difficult, a series of walls and checkpoints cordoning
them off to ensure only those with the proper contract may enter. This was further the use of the markings,
to segregate the distrcits from one another. Luckily enough, Kir has contacts within the guilds who were
willing to ratify my contract, so I can at least get into the Qta. The Ahjyl would be another story, I
would need to find a way in.

Setting off from the house I begin towards the spires, keeping my head down. The streets at this point are
teeming with them, carrying goods either by hand or wagon, guards patrolling, all delivering or returning
from something, no one is idle. Any that see my face immediately stare, but no one stops me. I continue
through crowded squares, passing warehouses and buildings emenating strange grinding noises. The further I
go the louder these noises become until I pass a door left ajar from one of the sources. Inside I glimpse
strange forms of stone, floating in the air, suspended by thrumming blue arcane energy. The stones like
cogs in a mill, but their purpose is unknown to me.

Soon I reach another square yet this one is carved in half by a channel. Across it, an imposing wall of
not rock, but metal, a solid form of cast iron like a great ingot. A bridge crosses the channel to a great 
triangular gate framed in the black stone. The gate itself also made of iron, but wrought. At the top of the
triangle, embossed in amber into the stone, a replica of the mark I bear on my neck. The mark of the guilds.

Emerging from the safety of the herd of workers I step onto the bridge. Peering over into the canal I am 
almost blinded, a river of the same energy I had glimpsed before flows through the rock. Farther down the 
canal I see estuaries, canals of energy from the great generators, feeding the river. 

