
It was a restless night, after returning to the room my mind was occupied by the precariousness of the situation I have found
myself in. Lost and adrift in an alien society, only thing between me and a quick death was a gruff being that was rather
short with me. I worried about what the morning would hold. Whether I would wake to be turned over to creature that had seemed
to threaten me, and if not what would be asked of me in return for this safety. Exhaustion finally got the better of me as the
vortex dipped behind the mountains, as it did the sky warmed in color to a deep red before light vanished entirely. It would
have been pretty in other circumstance.

Soon after waking, a knock at my door. Grabbing my weapon from where I had stashed it by the bed I stand at the side of the door.
With one swift motion I open the door, ready to strike. Standing there arms crossed is Kir, unimpressed. They are dressed more
formally today, a simple grey vest over a blue tunic that seems to be the style here, plain light grey trousers and fine shoes.
"Thought you might do that." They assesses monotonely, before walking right past me into the room. "I trust you slept poorly,
you look it."

"Well aren't you friendly. So are you going to extort me now or later?" I respond flatly, closing the door and turning to face
them.
_
"Now, but there are a few things you should know first." They turn and lean against the wall adjacent the bed. "So lets get
started."

"You might have noticed yesterday I was quite protective of your neck, and not in the sense that I was saving someone from
cutting it."
_
"Something about a mark?" I ask.
_
"Indeed. The mark is proof of employment. Everyone in the city has to have one. If you get caught by the guards without one,
you are, suffice to say, ejected from society. Very unpleasant."

"Okay then, so how do I go about getting a mark?"
_
"Well you would need to find someone to employ you, lucky for you I'm hiring."
_
"And what would you employ me to do?"

"Well, officially, you would be my steward. Aiding in the running and management of this property."
_
"I take it you want something else from me."
_
"Correct again, maybe you're not as dumb as you act. I have had somewhat of a disagreement with a previous employer. All you
need to know is I would like them out of the picture, perferably permenantly."

"You want me to murder your ex-boss?"
_
"If murder is not to your liking you may leave. Oh, and good luck finding anyone else to employ you. Foreign hires are notoriously
discriminated against. I would know. So you really have two options, you do this job for me and you get live, or you can take your
chances with the guards."

"Well it certainly doesn't seem you've left me much choice."
_
"Decidedly not, however I will say that under my employ you will likely be treated far better than with a native. Believe it or not,
I do sympathise, otherwise I would not have plucked you from the street."

"So how do these contracts work?"
_
"Simple, there are two major sections. A sort of header that is tacked on to every contract. This subsists as your agreement with the
governing parties of the city that your employment is gainful and contributory to the wellfare of the city, as well as agreeing to
the potential tracking and monitoring of your activities such that they are... not contributory. The second section, the terms of
employment between individuals. In this case, me to you."

"And say a party does not hold up their end? What happens then?"
_
"Well there are a system of courts, but I would not fancy taking my chances with them, particularly in your scenario. That would be
another route to 'ejection'. It is worth mentioning, the mark is not just physical proof of the contract. It is also how they monitor
us. That and it prevents you from leaving the city."

"Well lets get this over this then, I would guess you already have a contract drawn up?"
_
And with that Kir pulls a scroll from a breast pocket, strolling to place it on the desk. With a smirk as they gesture to the page,
"Shall we begin?"
