
My day, and this story began like any other day. Crawling out of bed, greeted by a morning of no remarkable quality other than that of a mild fog. It was a day, as any, irreverent of our existence.
Looking out upon the wood that surrounded the village, its dense trees casting long shadows in the low sun. Little did I know, or anyone else for that matter, that as we rose from our beds and looked 
out into the twisting branches of that bramble, it looked back at us. A figure, cloaked and mysterious picked there way quietly through the ticket and reached our little town around midday. I found
them that evening, however, unwinding from teh day in our pitiable excuse for a tavern. It was little more than some stools in a room with weak ale brewed from the fields many of us toiled away in.
They sat in a corner by themselves, observing what little happened. Our town, unaccustomed to travelers, observed them right back. I took a particular interest in this new character and approached them
after a few drinks, eager to hear stories of the road to live through vicariously to escape the monotony...

It was altogether a pleasant eveneing, drinkng, trading tales we had heard, and later... making some of our own. The next morning they left before I even woke and I thought I would never see them again.
What reason would they have to come back to our dingy little hamlet? Or so I thought.

Some weeks later it all happened again. And it was all the same but different. A different day, a cold and dry morning, a different person, but the same ending. Now the day after, that was where it started to get
weird. Instead of sneaking away, they stayed for the morning. I made them some breakfast and we chatted. It was after breakfast that the line of conversation took a bit of a turn, they began asking after someone
eerily familiar, describing the same person from before. I answered truthfully, even when they began to probe into what happened between us. I figured if they were lovers, better that they have the full story.
That was my mistake...

They soon after paralyzed me, and revealed themselves to be that same person as before. Ranting and raving about loyalty and how us mortals were the entire reason this world was going to shit. Claiming that they were
testing me, to see how loyal I was to the person that I was with before. Obviously it all seemed like horse shit but being paralyzed I was just sat there drooling, unable to respond. Finally when they reached the
crux of their argument, stating how I failed the test and would now be punished, they waved their hand and everything went black.

And that was it, in the blackness I came to terms with my passing and began to conjure up more entertaining thoughts as I figured I would just be stuck in whatever conciousness I had for eternity. I began though, to notice that
my brain seemed rather rank. At least I thought it was my brain, until I tried moving and discovered that it was only my vision that was black, and that I still existed. Good news, little scary though. Fumbling in the darkness
I began to move around the chamber I found myself in until a little light finally caught my eye and I began to adjust to the oppresive darkness that was this new space. My hands finding a cold damp wall, I stumbled out of the
 chamber and into a long cylindrical tunnel that seemed to curve in either direciton, feet splashing in a bit of muck. The smell was much worse here and I held my breath until I couldnt any more and just resolved to breathing
very shallowly. I found the source of the light further along in the form of a torch and noticed immediately my reflection in a more watery part of the muck.
