
They lead me down the streets for some time, never relinquishing their grasp on my neck. I keep my sight low, as
instructed, but sneak passing glances as we pass more of the creatures. They dress in all manner of colors, mostly
wearing robes, some armored and carrying weapons like the first. They glare as we pass, though it is difficult to
glean the intention of their stares.

Finally we reach another arch similar to the one my would-be savior emerged from, a heavy wooden door sits inside the
threshold. With a creak, the heavy door swings open and I am greeted with the warm interior of a dining room, wood
floors and furniture, lanterns glowing on the walls, and fire crackling in a hearth opposite a long table. There seem
to be three exits to the chamber, a door to my right, another across the hall, and a set of stairs adjacent to the
far door.

"Upstairs now, we can talk there." they command as the door slams shut behind us. They guide me across the long room
to the stairs and up into a thin hallway. I barely have time to look around as they shove me into an open door and 
enter behind me, closing the door as they go. "Who the fuck are you?"

Stammering out my name, mind reeling with questions, they flood out one after another. "Where am I? What was that
thing? Who are you? Whats going on?.."

With a deep sigh, "Right then, you are in the city of Iyr, that was a guard, my name is Kir, and you are lucky not
to be dead." They stride across what is a simple room, a bed, desk, and chair. "Sit." they command, pulling out the chair.

Crossing the room, I grip my weapon tightly as I sit. They look at the back of my neck where they grabbed, stating "Thought
so." Moving around me they stop to lean against the desk. "Well how did you get here then?"

"What do you mean, 'Thought so'? And I can honestly say I have no idea."
_
"You don't have the mark, thats why I covered it. If someone were to see you here without it, they'd likely kill you. Well,
not kill exactly, just set you adrift in the astral which is just about as good as. And as for the other thing, what do you
mean 'you don't know'?" they ask mockingly.

"I have lieterally no clue, I was at home and then the next thing I know I wake up in a sewer. What is the mark?"
_
"You seem to have had a very bad day by the looks of things, I'll tell you all about it in the morning. You can stay here
for the evening. There's a washroom at the end of the hall if you want to clean yourself up, you smell like shit. Don't
go downstairs." And with that they left me alone there, door swinging shut behind them.

Alone, I took to observing the room. Light shone through a window opposite the door, cut glass in a mesh frame emmiting a 
lavender glow. The bed, desk, and chair were all constructed rather simply of a similar wood to the buildings framing, if
a tone lighter. The sheets on the bed were a dull brown, the fabric not particularly fine, but not so rough as to be 
unpleasant. A simple blue rug covered the wood floor which creaked as you moved across it. Tucked in a corner I did 
not notice, a wardrobe, inside it a robe and tunic. The robe was long, either meant to drag on the ground or be worn by
an incredibly tall individual. It was a fine navy blue silk with black stripes ringing the neck, exaggerated sleeves that
draped about the arms. The tunic was a more coarse silk, green with fitted sleeves. Reflecting upon it, the green seemed
as if it would fit Kir, a work tunic perhaps. The other seemed tailored to the creatures, more formal. I sat upon the bed
to look out at the city before me.

It was facing not the alley I had entered from but what appeared to be a main street, there many of the creatures trod
the concourse, sings and shops lining the road. I studied them for some time. Their dress was particularly of interest,
the same crimson robes and plate marked the guards that patrolled the roads, silks of various colors worn by the 
seemingly well-to-do, some tunics worn by the more weathered looking individuals. Almost all of them were the same creatures,
though I did notice a few of the same persuasion as my savior, or my captor, I wasn't sure. The skin tone of them varied 
greatly, the lightest a pale cyan ranging to a muted purple, almost with a tinge of brown. My captors race, were similar to
elves now that I had time to consider, typically lithe and wiry. They had skin various shades of yellow and green, some almost
as pale as humans. All of them wore tunics.

I washed myself after several hours, peeking out of the door to find the washroom. The building was eerily quiet. The hall 
had a long runner similar to the carpet in my room which muffled the sound as I tip-toed my way to the door I assumed was the
wash. As I went, passing a series of doors identical to my own, trying to peek through the cracks. At the third or fourth a
shadow moved under the door and I scurried to my destination.

It was a restless night, after returning to the room my mind was occupied by the precariousness of the situation I have found
myself in. Lost and adrift in an alien society, only thing between me and a quick death was a gruff being that was rather
short with me. I worried about what the morning would hold. Whether I would wake to be turned over to creature that had seemed
to threaten me, and if not what would be asked of me in return for this safety. Exhaustion finally got the better of me as the
vortex dipped behind the mountains, as it did the sky warmed in color to a deep red before light vanished entirely. It would
have been pretty in other circumstance.
