
Emerging from the dark and the rot, my senses are immediately overwhelmed by the open air. Yet this
is not what steals the breath from me, but the surroundings that my eyes strain against, blinded by
the brilliance of what I see. The source is like no other, a swirling mass in the sky, a vortex of
rich purples and blues disappearing into oblivion. It sits low in the lavender sky, as if it were
early evening, rays of shifting color cast long shadows down the alley that I find myself in. Lined 
with buildings of dark stone framed by cross-crossing chocolate brown wooden beams, capped with 
angular amber tiles. The alley twisting and winding in either direction of me, paved, or rather,
tiled in hexagonal charcoal basalt. In the distance, a pair of coiled monoliths pierce the sky, tipped
with the same sharp angular amber to a fine point. Farther still the shadows of a jagged mountain
range arc wide around the city to form the horizon.

Surveying my immediate vicinity, a form comes into view from around the curve of the alley. Tall and
lithe with muted lilac skin, a braid of tendrils atop a ovoid head with large pupilless grey eyes set
on a mouthless face with slitted nostrils. Behind this face a set of bone like protrusions wrap around 
the head like a mantle emerging from layers of crimson slate-like plates armoring the torso. The plates
stop at the waist to reveal an amber split-leg robe over dark greaves ending in v-shaped heavy boots. At
the figures side they rest a clawed hand on a wicked hooked blade of marbled obsidian inlaid with the
same amber as the roofs. 

As they approach they reach forward and seem to point at me with a crooked finger. Within my mind a terrible
sound echos, that of scraping stone and screams. I turn and make to run the other direction but my foot catches
on an uneven tile and I fall, scraping my arms against the smooth stone. The noise continuous, varying tone and
frequency as I roll onto my back to face my presumable end. Now looming over me the creature reaches down and
grabs my shoulder, hoisting me to my feet and digging into my skin. Their eyes widen and the volume in my head
increases as they hold me in place.
